Doc: Custom markdown style guide (#362)
json-schema-org/website: CONTRIBUTING.md

  - 📋 [Improving the Documentation](#-improving-the-documentation)
  - 🌐 [Improving the website](#-improving-the-website)
  - 🎨 [Improving the Design](#-improving-the-design)

>   - 🚀 [Custom Markdown Writing Style Guide](./md-style-guide.md)

Reviewer: This link to open with proper render should be https://json-schema.org/md-style-guide

In addition I think this link doesn't go as part of the list of types of contribution, instead I see this as a section H2 section before Triage with a title "Markdown Style Guide" and a short paragraph to briefly introduce this guide for users contributing to docs or other types of written content like blogs or case studies.

Reviewer 2: We also need to consider how this page will be reachable from the website.

Author: > This link to open with proper render should be https://json-schema.org/md-style-guide
> 
> In addition I think this link doesn't go as part of the list of types of contribution, instead I see this as a section H2 section before Triage with a title "Markdown Style Guide" and a short paragraph to briefly introduce this guide for users contributing to docs or other types of written content like blogs or case studies.

sure would be happy to do these changes.

Most PRs, will be left open for a minimum of 14 days.  Minor fixes may be merged more quickly once approved by a project member.

### Markdown Style Guide

> User contributing to doc and or other types of written content like blogs or case studies can have a look at our [custom markdown style guide](https://json-schema.org/md-style-guide). This style guide has information of custom markdown tags used by us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributors to our Docs or our Blog can have a look at the [custom markdown style guide](https://json-schema.org/md-style-guide) with a list of useful markdown tags providing tools to easily create cool content that provides a better user experience.
```

Author: Thank you for improving : D
